the skill I'm about to show you is
positioning the client on his side now
the materials I will need to bring in
are three pillows when carrying them in
please be aware that for infection
control reasons we do not want to carry
this up against our uniform
hello
what mr. West how are you great I need
to go ahead and get you off your back
for a while that's okay I'd like to
reposition you on your side just for
probably about two hours is that okay
with you sir okay right what I'm going
to do is go ahead and put your and plant
let me know I have blocked
pull your privacy okay and I'm going to
put this side rail up is this side I'm
only turning you chew okay okay mr. West
let me go ahead and we're gonna put your
arm
like that then I'm going to roll you and
as one unit towards that race I agree
okay I'm going to uncover you so that we
can see what I am doing
roll you towards your side real that's
great let me go ahead and adjust this
pillow under your head what's that sir
okay great I'm now putting one to your
back push this pillow underneath you
like so and then roll it and now sir you
come back just a little bit okay the
next pillow I'm going to flex your top
leg and this is going to be supporting
the knee and the ankle please make sure
students that both the knee and the
ankle are supported by your pillow
now mr. list I'm going to put this
pillow right here
okay when we got you off your shoulder
good how's that we sure had comfortable
surfaces okay
here is your car light and put them in
your hand I mean go ahead and cover you
back up
I'm going to put your bed down to the
lowest possible position and because
you're so close to that side rail for
safety we're going to go ahead and leave
that up is there anything else that I
can get all set okay
great let me open your privacy curtain
I'm going to go ahead and wash my hands
and that concludes repositioning the
patient on their side
you